h1. Setup Java Project with ANT GIT in Eclipse

# create new java project 
# organize source code into standard src,test,doc folder
# write built script (ant)
# put code into repository (git)
# ev. integrate code into your CI configuration (det up safety net)
# write test simulating how you need to use software
# Add found issues to buck tracker..

h2. Eclipse Project Structure Template

*Project:* Name

* *src* folder sorting project source files
* *test* folder (right click select in context menu "use as Source Folder")
* *demo* folder optional to demonstrate the usage of code in the _src_ folder
* *doc* folder storing java doc
* *lib* storing the extra libraries
* *resources* folder storing project resource files
* *project* storing all project- and building related files
** *help* storing the help files for the source code eg. written in _.textile_
** *template* storing application templates for different platforms such as windows or osx
** *lib* storing libraries and software needed for building and testing
** *design* storing source images eg. photoshop or illustrator files
** *wiki* with project related documents and notes
* _build.xml_ main build file for the project
* _build.properties_ storing the project specific build variables.
* *{background-color:#CCC}build* contains all compiled classes, tests and software resources. The folder is built/deleted dynamically by the ant _build.xml_ file.
* *{background-color:#CCC}dist* contains the final distribution eg. windows, osx executable or installers. The folder is built/deleted dynamically by the ant _build.xml_ file.

*Project Properties:*

* add JUnit in java built path (Libraries - add Library) for testing
